docs: update MAINTAIN.md (#5676)
apache/apisix: MAINTAIN.md

4. Package a vote artifact to Apache's dev-apisix repo. The artifact can be created
via `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src`
5. Send the [vote email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/vq4qtwqro5zowpdqhx51oznbjy87w9d0) to dev@apisix.apache.org

>    > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release `directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
```

Reviewer: Ditto

>    > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `./release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
```

6. When the vote is passed, send the [vote result email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/k2frnvj4zj9oynsbr7h7nd6n6m3q5p89) to dev@apisix.apache.org
7. Move the vote artifact to Apache's apisix repo
8. Register the release info in https://reporter.apache.org/addrelease.html?apisix
9. Create a [GitHub release](https://github.com/apache/apisix/releases/tag/2.10.2) from the minor branch
10. Update [APISIX's website](https://github.com/apache/apisix-website/commit/f9104bdca50015722ab6e3714bbcd2d17e5c5bb3)
11. Update APISIX rpm package

>     > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically generate rpm package, which can be downloaded from artifacts in action

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically submit the rpm package to yum repo
```

> 12. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch form master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10**.2***`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch form master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10.2`
```

4. Package a vote artifact to Apache's dev-apisix repo. The artifact can be created
via `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src`
5. Send the [vote email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/vq4qtwqro5zowpdqhx51oznbjy87w9d0) to dev@apisix.apache.org
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `./release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
6. When the vote is passed, send the [vote result email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/k2frnvj4zj9oynsbr7h7nd6n6m3q5p89) to dev@apisix.apache.org
7. Move the vote artifact to Apache's apisix repo
8. Register the release info in https://reporter.apache.org/addrelease.html?apisix
9. Create a [GitHub release](https://github.com/apache/apisix/releases/tag/2.10.2) from the minor branch
10. Update [APISIX's website](https://github.com/apache/apisix-website/commit/f9104bdca50015722ab6e3714bbcd2d17e5c5bb3)
11. Update APISIX rpm package
    > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically submit the
    package to yum repo

> 12. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch form master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10.2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch from master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10.2`
```

2. Package a vote artifact to Apache's dev-apisix repo. The artifact can be created
via `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src`
3. Send the [vote email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/q8zq276o20r5r9qjkg074nfzb77xwry9) to dev@apisix.apache.org

>    > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release `directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
```

Reviewer: Hello there, Docs Lint check failed with `Spaces inside code span elements`

>    > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `/release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `./release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
```

4. When the vote is passed, send the [vote result email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/p1m9s116rojlhb91g38cj8646393qkz7) to dev@apisix.apache.org
5. Move the vote artifact to Apache's apisix repo
6. Register the release info in https://reporter.apache.org/addrelease.html?apisix
7. Create a [GitHub release](https://github.com/apache/apisix/releases/tag/2.10.0) from the minor branch
8. Merge the pull request into master branch
9. Update [APISIX's website](https://github.com/apache/apisix-website/commit/7bf0ab5a1bbd795e6571c4bb89a6e646115e7ca3)
10. Update APISIX rpm package.

>     > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically generate rpm package, which can be downloaded from artifacts in action

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically submit the rpm package to yum repo
```

via `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src`
3. Send the [vote email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/q8zq276o20r5r9qjkg074nfzb77xwry9) to dev@apisix.apache.org
   > After executing the `VERSION=x.y.z make release-src` command, the content of the vote email will be automatically generated in the `./release` directory named `apache-apisix-${x.y.z}-vote-contents`
4. When the vote is passed, send the [vote result email](https://lists.apache.org/thread/p1m9s116rojlhb91g38cj8646393qkz7) to dev@apisix.apache.org
5. Move the vote artifact to Apache's apisix repo
6. Register the release info in https://reporter.apache.org/addrelease.html?apisix
7. Create a [GitHub release](https://github.com/apache/apisix/releases/tag/2.10.0) from the minor branch
8. Merge the pull request into master branch
9. Update [APISIX's website](https://github.com/apache/apisix-website/commit/7bf0ab5a1bbd795e6571c4bb89a6e646115e7ca3)
10. Update APISIX rpm package.
    > Go to [apisix-build-tools](https://github.com/api7/apisix-build-tools) repository and create a new tag named `apisix-${x.y.z}` to automatically submit the rpm package to yum repo

> 11. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch form master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10.2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Update [APISIX docker](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker/commit/829d45559c303bea7edde5bebe9fcf4938071601) in [APISIX docker repository](https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker), and create new branch from master, named as `release/apisix-${version}`, e.g. `release/apisix-2.10.2`
```
